Sentry Alert configuration based on production and development environment (#16738)
matrix-org/synapse: docs/usage/configuration/config_documentation.md

### `sentry`

Use this option to enable sentry integration. Provide the DSN assigned to you by sentry

> with the `dsn` setting and specify the environment in the `environment` field. This allows for log maintenance based on different environments, ensuring better organization and analysis..

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with the `dsn` setting. 

 An optional `environment` field can be used to specify an environment. This allows
 for log maintenance based on different environments, ensuring better organization
 and analysis..
```
